Exposing the magic in AI, Tamkin is revolutionizing communication.
Imagine a world where everyone can effortlessly communicate,
no matter their language or hearing ability.
That's the reality Tamkin is creating.
Tamkin uses advanced AI to provide real-time sign language translation,
breaking down barriers for over 500 million people who rely on sign language.
Every year it translates an astonishing 3 billion words,
making it the world's largest AI-powered sign language platform.
But Tamkin is more than just numbers,
it's about making connections and fostering inclusivity.
By setting a new standard in accessibility,
Tamkin is transforming how we communicate on a global scale.
Join us in celebrating the power of AI
and the brighter, more inclusive future it brings.
Because with Tamkin, everyone has a voice.